Add corsPolicy OPTIONS info in docs. (#1861)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/04-60-apirule-migration.md

The migration procedure consists of the following steps, which are executed in a time-separated manner, with a one-minute delay between each step:
1.  As the resource owner, you must update the APIRule to version `v2`. As an immediate result, new Istio Authorization Policy and Istio Authentication Policy resources are created.

> 2. To retain the APIRule `v1beta1` CORS configuration, update the APIRule with the CORS configuration. For preflight requests to work, your APIRule needs to distinctly list `"OPTIONS"` in a **rules.methods** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To retain the APIRule `v1beta1` CORS configuration, update the APIRule with the CORS configuration. For preflight requests to work, your APIRule needs to explicitly allow the `"OPTIONS"` method in the **rules.methods** field.
```

> 2. To retain the APIRule `v1beta1` CORS configuration, update the APIRule with the CORS configuration. For preflight requests to work, your APIRule needs to explicitly allow the `"OPTIONS"` method in the **rules.methods** field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. To retain the APIRule `v1beta1` CORS configuration, update the APIRule with the CORS configuration. For preflight requests to work, you must explicitly allow the `"OPTIONS"` method in the **rules.methods** field of your APIRule.
```
